move the green ball from E5 to F10 then move it to its original position
move the green ball from E5 to F10 then move it to its original position
move the green ball from E5 to F10 then move it to its original position
move the green ball from E5 to F10 then move it to its original position
move the green ball from E5 to F10 then move it to its original position
move the green ball from E5 to F10 then move it to its original position
move the green ball from E5 to F10 then move it to its original position
move the green ball from E5 to F10 then move it to its original position
move the green ball from E5 to F10 then move it to its original position
move the green ball from E5 to F10 then move it to its original position
move the green ball from A3 to D6 and move the red ball from D5 to A2
move the green ball from A3 to D6 and move the red ball from D5 to A2
move the green ball from A3 to D6 and move the red ball from D5 to A2
move the green ball from A3 to D6 and move the red ball from D5 to A2
move the green ball from A3 to D6 and move the red ball from D5 to A2
move the green ball from A3 to D6 and move the red ball from D5 to A2
move the green ball from A3 to D6 and move the red ball from D5 to A2
move the green ball from A3 to D6 and move the red ball from D5 to A2
move the green ball from A3 to D6 and move the red ball from D5 to A2
move the green ball from A3 to D6 and move the red ball from D5 to A2
move the green ball from A3 to D6 and move the red ball from D5 to A2